He's just injured.
The doctor said he'll wake up soon.
Forget it, as long as this accident doesn't have time to drink the last point.
I thought you saved the old lady.
The whole world is afraid of not being able to leave you.
Well done this time.
Memory Drive Recorder
Don't worry.
Snow, you're awake.
Do you remember anything?
Right.
I remember a car accident.
Yeon-yeon, how's my old lady?
Don't worry, the old lady has been rescued.
It's just that we're not out of danger yet.
I'm going to see him.
Don't move, ma'am.
Now the ICU is temporarily inconvenient to bother you.
Take care of your health first.
I'm okay, I just have a headache.
Oh, that's right, Yeon-yeon.
Who took me and my wife to the hospital?
Of course I am, if I hadn't brought your old lady here in time, I wouldn't have thought.
Yeon-yeon, thank you for saving me and my wife.
What's so polite between you and me?
Hey, do you remember who stabbed you?
I can't remember if it's okay.
The campaigner was sent to the police station.
Okay, science. You're awake.
What's wrong? Is there anything else in your body that's uncomfortable?